[NARRATOR]
Last Dragon Ball Z Kai--
Piccolo had become
a Super Namekian!
But despite his newfound
powers,
he was still caught off-guard
by the fighting techniques
of the mysterious creature
that had invaded Gingertown.
Haaaaaa!
[PICCOLO GRUNTS IN PAIN]
[PICCOLO] What sort of
abomination are you?!
You ve got Goku s, and
ieza s... all of our energies...
Even the Kamehame-Ha !
Oh... Very well... I will
tell you, before I feed.
I am Cell...
and I'm an android.
What...? Not another one!
[NARRATOR] The shocking
truth revealed-- now!
♪ OPENING SONG ♪
I was created by the computer
in Dr. Gero s secret laboratory.
That lunatic again, huh?
Years ago... Dr. Gero
began collecting
cell samples from the
world s greatest fighters,
hoping to synthesize
their DNA into the creation
of the ultimate Android.
[CELL CONTINUES]
His research was successful,
but due to the
extreme length of time
the process would require,
he abandoned it in favor of
more immediate alternatives.
And while the Doctor turned
his attention elsewhere,
his computer was left
to carry out the experiment,
working day and night to create
the perfect fighting machine.
Additional cells were collected,
and incorporated
into the design...
From you, Piccolo... Goku...
and even the Saiyan Vegeta...
These samples
were taken at the time
of the Saiyan invasion,
while you were all at
the peak of your powers.
[CELL LAUGHS]
Hmpf! From all
the way back then?
Well, I suppose that
explains why your
Kamehameha technique
was so pathetic.
There s more...!
CELL] We were also fortunate
enough to gather cells
from Frieza and his father
during their brief stay
on Earth, incorporating
their powers as well.
We could have easily acquired
the cells of the boy
Trunks at the same time,
but the computer determined
that we had already taken
enough Saiyan samples.
[PICCOLO] Oh yeah? And how did
you come by these samples?
We were the only ones there
when Frieza s ship landed.
We would have
noticed anyone else!
It shouldn t be that
hard to figure out...
It s the same way Dr. Gero
collected data
for all of his research.
A fleet of tiny
surveillance robots...
the size of a fly...
able to get in close
without detection.
See...? Even now...
your every move
is being monitored,
and a stream of
data is being relayed
to the computer for analysis.
[CELL] Who knows?
It may even try to
take another cell
sample from you.
Never!
[CELL LAUGHS]
It s too little, too late,
I m afraid...
The computer has plenty
of samples already,
and the process is
well underway...
In twenty-four years time,
I will emerge--
Dr. Gero s final
and greatest creation!
Impossible...!
We destroyed Gero s lab;
it s nothing
but a pile of rubble!
Well done... but the
computer is in an
underground bunker
beneath the laboratory.
I see...
So if you came
here from the future
four years ago,
why wait until now
to show your ugly face?
Simple. In order to fit
inside the time machine,
I was forced to regress
to my larval state.
It took four years for my body
to mature into
the form you see now.
After all, you can t
rush perfection.
Then one last question!
[PICCOLO]
You must have some reason
for coming back here.
What is it?
[CELL] I was created to be the
perfect fighting machine,
but to achieve that status,
I require more than
the bio-energy of humans.
I cannot become
truly perfect until
I have also absorbed two
highly specialized life-forms...
Without them...
the computer s data
shows I will never reach
the full potential of my design.
The ones I need
are two of Dr. Gero s
other creations,
the Androids 17 and 18!
What?!
[PICCOLO GRIMACES]
However...
in the future that I come from,
these androids no longer exist.
Trunks had somehow managed
to defeat them both,
thwarting my quest
for perfection
before it even began.
...but luckily for me,
[CELL] Trunks had a time
machine, ripe for the taking.
[CLANGING STEPS]
[CELL] Once that meddling
fool was out of the way,
my search could continue.
And I used his time machine
to travel back to the past
where my prey still thrived.
[LIGHTNING AND THUNDER]
[PICCOLO] But...
why choose to go back so far?
Who can say...?
Trunks had already set
the destination
for the time machine.
All I had to do
was push a button.
[PICCOLO THINKS] So that s it...
Trunks must have succeeded
in finding a way to destroy
the androids in his time,
and he was planning
to come back here
to tell the rest
of us the news...
[PICCOLO THINKS] And then then
this monster showed up.
Oh and the computer also
showed me something else:
Once I achieve my perfect form,
I ll be invincible
the greatest power
the universe has ever known!
Yeah, and what then...?!
What purpose will it serve
to gain that much power?
What s your ultimate plan?!
[CELL] Ha! My plan?! Who
said anything about a plan ?
I want to become stronger
because I want
to become stronger.
I seek power for power s sake!
[CELL CONTINUES] It s what the
computer designed me to do.
Or perhaps it s simply
the Saiyan DNA
in my make-up that drives
me to test my limits.
[CELL] Or Frieza s.
Or even yours, Piccolo...
Alright.
Good...! Then if you ve
heard enough...?
I ve heard plenty...
Everything I need to know.
[CRACKING]
[PICCOLO YELLS]
Now what do you say
we get down to business.
You You tricked me!
It was all a ploy
to get me to talk!
And now that
I know what you are,
I know how to stop you.
For someone who
claims to share my DNA,
you should have realized
I had the ability to
regenerate damaged limbs.
[PICCOLO LAUGHS]
[PICCOLO] It s over, Cell.
Even with the energy
you drained from my arm,
your power is still
no match for mine.
You travelled to the wrong time
in your quest for perfection.
This is where your journey ends.
Very well played...
You sacrificed your arm,
knowing it would cause
me to lower my guard.
Clever... Far more clever
than I d expect from you.
I wish I could
take the credit,
but I have Kami to thank
for that bit of insight.
What?
[CELL]
So that explains it...
You re not just
Piccolo anymore--
you ve merged your
powers with Kami s!
[PICCOLO]
Now you ve got it... heh...!
Bout time you
started catching on.
[CELL THINKS] Ah, so if the
guardian is gone,
that means the Dragon Balls
are gone as well...
There ll be no wishing
anyone back now.
[CELL LAUGHS]
[CELL THINKS] That actually
works to my advantage.
[CELL] I was wondering how
your strength
had increased so drastically.
But now... Now I understand...
Hmph. What you ve seen has only
been the tip of the iceberg...
Here... Let me show
you what I can really do...
No more holding back!
[SONIC WHOOSH]
[KRILLIN]
Sure enough.
That s the new-and-improved
Piccolo down there.
But look... What s that?!
That s it... the thing
from the egg...
It grew up to
become this... monster.
[CELL THINKS]
Trunks? He s here as well?
[CELL THINKS] Interesting...
This must be where he went
in the time machine before
I came along and borrowed it...
[CELL THINKS]
I ve already defeated him once.
If it s true that
history repeats itself
it seems this time
the future will too.
Yikes... that is a monster...!
[KRILLIN] So is this thing
that s responsible
for all the disappearances
in Gingertown?
[PICCOLO]
Yeah... Watch his tail.
He uses that stinger
to absorb people.
But why does his energy
feel like Goku, Tien,
and everybody else
wrapped up in one?!
We can save the
explanations for later...
Right now, we just need
to stomp this pest.
[CELL]
Ha ha ha! Someone s confident...
Sorry to disappoint you,
[CELL CONTINUES] but it s not
gonna to be that easy.
It talks too?!
Save it...! You re outnumbered
and outclassed.
I d say that the odds
are stacked against you.
I agree. It appears
my best option
would be to retreat for now.
Forget it!
It ll take a lot more
than another weak
Kamehame-Ha imitation
to get past us!
The Kamehame-Ha...?!
But that s Goku s move!
How the heck does this
freak show know about it?
Not just the
Kamehame-Ha, Krillin...
(heh)... I know Goku s
full arsenal of attacks...
from the Kaio-Ken
to Spirit Bomb.
'Kay this is nuts...
It even knows my name, too...
Wonder how Goku s gonna take it
when he hears this
thing stole his moves.
[CELL]
What s this? Goku is alive?
[KRILLIN]
Of course he is!
[CELL THINKS]
So... he didn t succumb
to the heart virus. Interesting.
[CELL THINKS] It would seem
events in this timeline
are unfolding differently
from the one I know.
Now if you ll excuse me,
there are a couple of
Androids that I need to find.
Oh and fair warning--
make no attempt to stop me
from reaching my Perfect Form,
or the next time we meet...
...I promise, it won t end
so well for you...
Not if Piccolo here is the best
you have to offer! (heh heh)
What?!
Solar Flare!
[SHIVERING IN FEAR]
That... coward!
Darn it!
[TRUNKS]
He s gone!
[KRILLIN] Aw, man, we
should a seen that one comin !
Hold on?! That thing
knew Goku s moves.
I thought the
Solar Flare was Tien s!
No...
it s actually a pretty easy
technique to master...
Goku and me...
[KRILLIN CONTINUES]
...we can both do it, too.
[PICCOLO]
That s just great.
He must be
suppressing his energy...
If he knows that trick, too,
we ll never find him.
[CELL LAUGHS]
If those fools were
going to follow,
they d already be here by now...
All I have to do is keep
my power hidden like this,
and they ll have
no way to track me!
[TIEN THINKS] I ve got a bad
feeling about this.
[VEGETA] One of those
enormous power levels
I ve been sensing just
vanished all of a sudden.
But the second one is
still there, dead ahead.
I can rule out the Androids--
they don t give off energy...
...and Kakarot is still
out of commission...
So who could it be...? Darn it!
Hey...
You know I m not staying
in this ridiculous
outfit any longer
than I have to, right...?
As soon as we spot the
next decent-sized town,
we re stopping.
Yeah, yeah. Sure.
[GOHAN LETS OUT A YELL]
[EXPLOSION]
Well... the kid s really
a chip off the ol block.
[CELL THINKS] I have to avoid
Piccolo and those other meddlers
until I ve absorbed
enough bioenergy
to go on the offensive.
As long as I don t stay
in one place, I ll be fine.
Gingertown, 50km ahead.
Then once my power has
increased beyond 17 and 18 s,
I can set my sights on
absorbing them as well...
It ll be perfect.
[CELL] Nickytown...
Sounds delicious.
[CELL LAUGHS]
[BRAKES SCREECHING]
[DRIVER PANICS]
[COLLISION]
[CELL THINKS] The only thing
that could stop me now
is some sort of
a shutdown device
for Seventeen and Eighteen.
Hey, circus clown!
[DRIVER]
What s wrong with you?
Are you trying to
get yourself run over?!
[CELL THINKS] If they can be
deactivated before I find them,
then my enemies would be able
to destroy them with ease.
[HONKING HORN]
[CELL THINKS] Fortunately,
the fools destroyed Gero s lab,
which means any such
device is probably lost...
Yo, green dude...!
Let s move it!
[SONIC WHOOSH]
Hmm?
[CELL THINKS] Vegeta...?
So he hasn t been defeated
by Seventeen and Eighteen
in this timeline.
And his power is much
greater than I d expect.
[PLAYER 1] Hey freak!
We re talkin to you!
[PLAYER 2] You gonna move, or
you need us to move ya ?!
Perhaps moving might be
a good idea for me after all.
[CELL THINKS] But I see
no harm in absorbing
a little more
bioenergy before I go.
Darn him...! What ve I done?!
I could have easily
beaten that freak!
Whoa, that s intense!
[PICCOLO]
I should have taken him out
instead of wasting
time with questions!
Is-- that Piccolo...?
I don t believe it...!
Vegeta!
Dad! You re here!
[VEGETA]
Alright start talking!
Tell me everything
that happened!
I can sense Tien s energy
heading this way now, too...
I ll fill you all
in once he s here.
Then while we wait,
you can at least
answer me this...
[VEGETA] How did you
boost your power level
so drastically
in so short a time?
It s like you re a
whole different person...
Explain yourself!!
[TRUNKS]
He s a different person.
Apparently, Piccolo and Kami
decided to merge again,
to combine their power.
So that s why I couldn t
recognize him!
[VEGETA THINKS]
But that s preposterous!
The power level I sensed earlier
definitely surpassed
my own as a Super Saiyan...
Even if he is two-in-one,
he s still just a Namekian!
Hey look...! That must be Tien!
[PICCOLO THINKS]
What s our next move...?
I might be able to hold my
own against 17 and 18,
but 16 along with them--
there s no way I can
defeat all three at once...
No, to stop Cell, we ll have
to go after him directly.
Hey... Piccolo? ...
No, uh Kami? ...
I mean Piccokamikol-- argh!
You-- whatever your
name is now...
It s time to snap out of it.
Tien s here.
Then listen,
Cell s another android.
[VEGETA]
But... that s insane!
[TIEN]
Say what?!
Crazy as it sounds,
the monster who
attacked this town
is actually an android
from the future,
created by Doctor Gero s
computer 24 years from now.
[KRILLIN]
How is that possible?!
[ENGINE TRYING TO START]
[WINDSHIELD BREAKING]
[DRIVER SCREAMS]
That was a
nice little appetizer--
now off to Nickytown
for the main course!
[KRILLIN]
Whoa, that does sound crazy!
[VEGETA]
My DNA? And Kakarot s...?
That s what we re up against.
In order to prevent Cell
from reaching his perfect form,
we ll either need to find
him and destroy him...
or we ll have
to figure out a way
to destroy Androids
Seventeen and Eighteen...
It s one or the other.
[WIND PICKS UP]
I say we track
Cell while we still
have a chance against him,
before he absorbs enough
energy to be unstoppable.
[VEGETA THINKS]
Dammit!
It s like I m being
mocked at every turn!
After all I ve done to become
a Super Saiyan,
every time I look up,
someone new has left
my power in the dust...!
[VEGETA CONTINUES THOUGHT]
Mine and yours both, Kakarot.
You re in for a
very rude awakening...!
[CELL]
Yessssssss...
So much... delicious energy.
[CELL LAUGHS]
It won t be long now,
Seventeen... and Eighteen...
...a few more days
until my power eclipses yours...
And then... you ll be mine!
[ARRGGHH!!!]
[NARRATOR] Cell grows more
dangerous by the second!
Can anyone stop
him before it s too late?
--next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ CLOSING SONG ♪
[GOKU]
Hey! It s me, Goku!
Sorry I was
out for so long, guys.
I promise, I m feeling
much better now.
[KRILLIN]
All right!
Man, are we glad
to have you back, buddy.
[GOHAN] We ve been
chasing this monster
Cell all over the place!
[KRILLIN]
His power s going
up like crazy.
If we don t do something
now, we re done for!
[GOKU]
Next time, on Dragon
Ball Z Kai!
[KRILLIN]
Yeah, as long as
I don t have to
go toe-to-toe with that
freak all by myself--
uh... oh, crap.